Benim cevabım:

The presented table gives the data of the average sales of a restaurant which is categorized into three different classes in the
year 2016. As is observed in the table all data is collected from the three restaurants which three different streets in Vancouver.
As is presented in the table highest number of transactions is in the restaurant which is in the Georgia Street. Overall, all of
the most popular meals included chicken products. 

The transaction value of the restaurant in the Georgia street($10.69) is about twice the transaction value of the restaurant 
in the Dunsmuir Street($5.61). Whereas their number of transactions are roughly same. While the number of transacitons in 
the restaurant in the Georgia Street is 854 the number of transactions in the restaurant in the Dunsmuir Street is 750. 
It's conspicious that distribution of percentages of the number of Eat-in transactions and number of take-away transactions of 
all the restaurants are nearly in similar conditions. Two transactions class similarly has around a half percentage. 
It's interesting to note that while the transaction value of the restaurant in Drake street 
is about double of the transaction value of the restaurant in 
Dunsmuir Street, number of transactions of the restaurant in Drake street is approximately half the restaurant in Dunsmuir street.  

ielts-exam.net sitesindeki cevap:

The table illustrates the performance of three different branches of a chain of restaurants in three different locations 
in Vancouver for the year 2016. It is evident that the best performer is the branch in Georgia street, which with 854 transactions 
a day on average has at least 100 more transactions than Dunsmuir Street and more than double from Drake Street. 
Georgia Street is also ahead in terms of average transaction value (ATV), with %10.69 per transaction compared to Dunsmuir Street's
%5.61 and Drake Street's %9.02.

On average, eat-in and take-away transactions are almost equal in each restaurant, with take-away transactions ending slightly 
ahead in two of them. Drake Street is the only exception, with eat-in transactions surpassing take-away by 10.

The table also gives us information about the most popular item in each branch, revealing that the eating habit of customers 
in each area are widely varied: Georgia Street's best seller is Chicken Burger, while Dunsmuir Street's customers favour Chicken
Wings, and Drake Street's customers prefer Chicken pasta.

Overall, it is clear that the Georgia Street's branch is the company's most profitable branch, with the highest number of 
transactions and ATV. Drake Street, on the other hand, lags far behind, despite the fact that its ATV is higher than Dunsmuir 
Street.
