The pie charts illustrate proportion data of a survey about the people in two different groups, below and above 30 age, 
which is about the things which make them happy. As can be seen, in both of scenarios doing hobbies and achievement at work are 
most important two factors which motivate people as having more than 50 percent of all factors. On the other hand, while 
having a good appearance and travelling had a important ratio for the people under 30, they have no effect on the people 
above 30 and besides being with family and financial security appeared as being two important elements above the years 30. 

As is presented in the pie charts achievement at work is the most efficient thing which mostly effects the people in both groups.
it has nearly one-third in two conditions, too. Other factors decreased gradually from 14% to 10%, whereas doing hobbies increased 
slightly and achieved 24% for the people above 30.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ielts-exam.net sitesinin cevabı:

There are several similarities between that younger and older people say makes them most happy. However, there are several striking
differences.

Firstly, let us look at the similarities. It is noticeable that for both younger and older people, the highest percentage says that
achievement at work brings them most happiness: 31%  for the younger age group and 32% for the older group. Doing hobbies is also 
very important for both groups: the second largest percentage of both age groups mention doing hobbies as making them most happy.

Turning now to differences, many younger people regard having a good appearance as extremely important: 18% of them state this 
brings them happiness. This is followed by 15% of who state that travel brings them happiness. Neither of these two factors 
is mentioned by older people. Instead, 20% of older people report that  having financial security is most important to 
their happiness and 14% say they feel most happy when they are with their family.

