Benim cevabım:

The shown figure gives information on languages which are evaluated as first six languages according to number of native speakers.
Besides it's given number of speakers who using those languages as an extra language and total number of speakers 
which are the result of summing of those  languages native speakers and the people who learning as an additional language. 
Besides number of speakers who using those languages as an extra language are presented in the figure. 
Additionally the total number of persons who using those languages are shown in the fourth column of the figure.

As is presented in the figure the language which has highest number of the native speakers is Mandarin Chinese. 
There are 900 million native Mandarin Chinese speakers in the world. 
Number of Mandarin Chinese native speakers is enormously more than the number of Hindi native speakers which is 370 million.
Native speakers of Hindi, Spanish roughly equal each other and the speakers of arabic and portuguese are in a different group
as having about 200 million native speakers.

On the other hand number of the people who prefer English as an additional language substantially more than the number
of the people who prefer each of the other languages as an additonal language. Sum of the number of
speakers who select the other languages as an additonal lahnguage is less than the number of the speakers who select English. 

ielts-exam.net sitesindeki cevap:

The table illustrates the number of native speakers of six languages as well as the number speakers of these languages as
an additional language. It is noticeable that the number of speakers of Mandarin Chinese is strikingly higher than the other
languages with over one billion speakers.

People who speak Mandarin largely speak it as a first language(900 million). In comparison to this only 190 million people 
speak Mandarin Chinese as an additional language. What is remarkable about English speakers is that the number of speakers 
of English as an additional language is higher than that of native speakers of English(603 and 399 million respectively).

While the total number of Hindi speakers(490 million) is roughly equal to that of Spanish speakers(420 million); when it 
comes to speaking these languages as an additional language the number for Hindi is much higher(120 million) than that for
Spanish(70 million).

Native speakers of Arabic and Protuguese are similar in number with 206 million and 203 million respectively. However, 
the number of Arabic speakers as an additional language(24 million) i almost 2.5 times higher than speakers of Portuguese
as an additional language.
