Benim Cevabım:

The figure gives information on the proportion of the students who succeed in their high school competency exams, by subject and
gender, from 2010 to 2011. As can be seen, there are significant difference between boys and girls only for the lessons that are 
computer science, geography and chemistry. Achievement percentages of other lessons are nearly same for both genders.

As is presented in the figure, the computer science lesson, with have 56.3% achievement, is the biggest success for the girls.
The second most succesful lesson for the girls is Mathematics as having 49.2% competency. The competency of boys about this lesson
was approximately same, with 48.4%. This lesson also was the lesson which had most number of competency male students. The 
achievement proportions of foreign language lessons for both boys and girls are almost equal to achievement proportions of mathemtic
lesson of those 2 genders. There was a similar situation for Physics lesson, too. The female students who passed to competency exam of
Physic had 36.7% and it was just under of the achievement proportion of girls for this lesson. Besides, there was an enourmous 
difference between girls and boys. While the percentage of the male students who passing the exam is about 14.1%, percentage of 
successful female students for this lesson was about twice of the percentage of the male students. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ielts-exam.net sitesinin cevabı:

The graph shows the percentages of boys and girls who were succesful in their high school competency exams in the period from 2010
to 2011, by subject.

Overall, students of both sexes performed best in Computer Science, Mathematics, and Foreign Languages, including French, German
and Spanish. Results for boys and girls were roughly comparable in Computer Science and Mathematics. In other subjects, however, 
there were some significant differences.

Girls achieved by far their best results in Computer Science, with a pass rate of 56.3%, which was considerably around 14% higher
than the boys. The difference was even greater in Chemistry, where more than 16% more girls passed. The only subject where boys' 
results were better than girls was Geography where they achieved a pass rate of 30.4%, which was 10% higher than that the figure 
for girls.

In general, we can say the statics show that during the period in question girls performed better in most subjects in the 
competency exams than boys.
