The provided graph and table represents the main factor which causes agricultural land to be less productive. The pictures illustrate how 
these reasons how the three regions of the wprld are influenced by these reasons during the 1990s. As is observed that the causes 
affected mostly land of european zone. On the other hand the percent of the influenced region because of the causes 
which are given in the table has the lowest value in North America and total degraded region percent in North America is less than
the percent of the land of Europe which degraded because of any reasons which are in the table. 

As is presented in the diagram the value of the proportion of the degraded region in Europe is substantially 
bigger than the sum of the proportion of the degraded region of Oceania and North America Region. Besides, 
there wasn't degraded land in Oceania because of the over-cultivation during the 1990s. 
And during this period overgrazing affected mostly Oceania region. 

ielts-exam.net sitesindeki cevap:

The pie chart shows that there are four main causes of farmland becoming degraded in the world today. Globally,
65% of degradation is caused by too much animal grazing and tree clearance, consulting 35% and 30% respectively. 
A further 28% of global degradation is due to over-culvitation of crops. Other causes account for only 7% collectively.

These causes affected different regions differently in the 1990s, with Europe having as much as 9.8% of degradation due to
deforestation, while the impact of this on Ocenia and North America was minimal, with only 1.7% and 0.2% of land 
affected respectively. Europe, with the highest overall percentage of land degraded(23%), also suffered from over-culvitation (7.7%)
and over-grazing(5.5%). In contrast, Oceania had 13% of degraded farmland and thia was mainlydue to over-grazing(11.3%). North America
had a lower proportion of degraded land at only 5%, and the main causes of this were over-culvitation(3.3%) and, to a lesser extent,
over-grazing(1.5%).

Overall, it is clear that Europe suffered more from farmland degradation than the other regions and the main causes 
there were deforestration and over-culvitation. 

