Benim cevabım:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The bar graph shows the education level of people in two different Asian countries that are Malaysia and Singapore.     
Overall, the education level of the people who live in Singapore is better than the education level of the people 
who live in Malaysia but it's clearly seen that the education level is a problem for both 
Asian countries which are given in the graph.

As is presented in the bar graph, while the least percentage, with about 2%, is the percentage of the people who are classified
as having Master's degree in Malaysia and Singapore is equal, when it comes to comparing the percentages of the persons who
have Bachelor's degree, the percentage of Singaporean(20%) is much higher than the percentage of Malaysian(10%). 

It's noticeable that the percentage of the people's science qualification below bachelor degree is higher than the Malaysian 
who are in same science qualification group. Especially the proportion of the people who aren't qualified in a science group
increase enormously with 60 percent for Singaporean and around 65 percent for Malaysian.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ielts-exam.net sitesinin cevabı:

The bar chart illustrates the percentage of people who hold a science qualification in Singapore and Malaysia. A prominent 
feature is that a significantly low percentage of people hold science qualifications, that is Master's and Bachelor's degrees 
in science from university level studies in both countries. Less than 5% of people hold a qualification in science at Master's
degree level in both Singapore and Malaysia. 

There is a significant difference in the percentage of people holding science qualifictions at Bachelor level between the
countries; while this number is 20% in Singapore, in Malaysia it is a mere 10%. The percentage of people with school leaving 
exams in science is slightly higher in Malaysia than in Singapore. 35% of people in Malaysia  have a science qualification at
this level, whereas the number in Singapore  is 5% lower. Finally, more than a half the people in both countries holds no 
science qualification at all.
